# Bloomberg Trading Challenge 2019
## Simulation script and supporting figures of our strategy.

Princeton University Team Members: Ziv Batscha, Joshua Eastman, Warren James, Allan Shen, Cindy Song

The Monte Carlo script simulates 1000 trials of 50 day Bloomberg Trading competitions, allowing each team to choose from return distributions resembling those normally found in the market. Our team strategy at the beginning was to bet on the earnings release reports of the highest implied volatility companies; we bought 200K worth of equity in each of the top five most volatile companies every day, immediately before they released an earnings report, and then sold each position within 24 hours. This strategy earned us ~180k (roughly 18% profit) in the first week. Since only the top two teams in our category make it to the finals, the strategy was to take on the highest risk possible while not in first or second place (maximize variance) and hold cash as long as we were in at least second place. Then, if we were pushed out of second place, we would execute the same risk strategy. The simulation, which supported our intuition and allowed us to better design our strategy, proves that our high vol strategy of betting on binary earnings releases (and holding cash while in the lead) is indeed the most optimal one given the challenge guidelines, both in terms of total assets under management at the end of the competition and in terms of maximizing our Sharpe ratio. In the particular script we have provided, we have a 10.8% chance on average of making the finals (3.42 Edge) when considering ranking by total assets, and a 9.4% chance of winning (2.96 Edge) by Sharpe Ratio, among 61 competing teams in our index (Russel 3000). Although we were 
